docs: major docs revamp and website redesign (#857)
awslabs/kro: website/docs/docs/concepts/rgd/02-resource-definitions/03-readiness.md

      spec:
        template:
          spec:
            containers:
              - name: app
                image: ${schema.spec.image}
                env:
                  - name: DATABASE_HOST
                    value: ${database.status.endpoint}
```

The `app` deployment won't be created until:
1. The database resource exists **AND**
2. The database has a Ready condition with status True **AND**
3. The database has an endpoint in its status

This ensures `${database.status.endpoint}` has a valid value when the app is created.

## How readyWhen Works

`readyWhen` is a list of CEL expressions that control when a resource is considered ready:

- **Without `readyWhen`**: Resources are ready as soon as they exist in the cluster
- **With `readyWhen`**: Resources are created but remain in a waiting state until all conditions are true
- If **all** expressions evaluate to `true`, the resource is marked ready
- If **any** expression evaluates to `false`, the resource continues waiting
- Each expression must evaluate to a **boolean** value (`true` or `false`)
- **Dependent resources wait** until all their dependencies are ready

## What You Can Reference

> `readyWhen` expressions can only reference the resource itself (by its `id`):

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
`readyWhen` expressions can only reference the resource they are defined in (by its `id`):
```

    - ${schema.spec.replicas > 3}  # Can't reference schema
    - ${deployment.status.availableReplicas}  # Must return boolean
```

kro validates `readyWhen` expressions when you create the ResourceGraphDefinition, ensuring they reference valid fields and return boolean values.

:::important
`readyWhen` determines when **this specific resource** is ready. It can't depend on other resources' states—that's handled automatically by the dependency graph when you reference other resources in your templates. This keeps readiness conditions local, deterministic, and easy to debug.
:::

## Dependencies and Readiness

When a resource has a `readyWhen` condition, **all resources that depend on it must wait** until it's ready.

kro processes resources in the correct order based on references. If a resource references another resource's status field, kro:
1. Creates the referenced resource first
2. Waits for its `readyWhen` conditions (if any) to be satisfied
3. Only then creates the dependent resource with the correct status values

This ensures your resources always have valid data and prevents race conditions.

> ## The Optional Operator (?)

Reviewer: Actually i see it's already defined there..maybe just a link to it then?
